TERMS OF USE
Last Updated: [02.11.2026]

1. Acceptance of Terms
By adding or using the I.R.I.S bot on your Discord server, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you disagree, please remove the bot immediately.

2. Service Description
I.R.I.S allows server administrators to:

Designate specific channels as "source" and "destination" channels

Enable users to send messages anonymously from source to destination channels

Configure permissions and settings for anonymous messaging

3. Administrator Responsibilities
Server administrators who add I.R.I.S agree to:

Obtain necessary permissions from server owners

Inform server members about anonymous messaging features

Monitor usage and prevent abuse

Comply with Discord's Terms of Service and Community Guidelines

Not use the bot for harassment, illegal activities, or violating others' rights

4. User Responsibilities
Users of servers with I.R.I.S agree to:

Not use anonymous messaging for harassment, threats, or illegal content

Respect server rules regarding appropriate content

Not attempt to circumvent anonymity to identify other users

Not spam or abuse the bot functionality

5. Prohibited Content
The bot may not be used to transmit:

Hate speech, discrimination, or harassment

Threats of violence or harm

Illegal content or activities

Personal information of others without consent

Malicious links or spam

NSFW content in non-NSFW channels

Content violating Discord's Terms of Service

6. Disclaimer of Warranty
The bot is provided "as is" without warranties of any kind. We do not guarantee:

Continuous, uninterrupted, or error-free service

Security of transmitted messages

Accuracy or appropriateness of anonymous messages

7. Limitation of Liability
We are not liable for:

Content transmitted through the bot

User disputes arising from anonymous messages

Any damages resulting from bot usage

Actions taken by server administrators using the bot

8. Termination
We reserve the right to:

Terminate bot access for violating servers

Update or discontinue the bot at any time

Modify these terms with notice via the bot's support server

9. Discord Compliance
Users must comply with Discord's Terms of Service (https://discord.com/terms) and Community Guidelines (https://discord.com/guidelines).
